# Nier: Automata Game of the YorHa Edition
--------------------------------------

<dl>
    <table style="width:100%">
        <tr>
            <td colspan="4"><b><u>Title:</u></b> Fallout 3 </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td colspan="3"><b><u>Designer/Director:</u></b> Todd Howard </td>
            <td><b><u>Year:</u></b> 2008 </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td colspan="4"><b><u>Studio & Publisher:</u></b> 	Bethesda Game Studios </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b><u>Rating:</u></b> 9 (8) /10</td>
            <td><b><u>Playtime:</u></b> ~75 Hours</td>
            <td><b><u>Replayability:</u></b> Yes</td>
            <td><b><u>NG+:</u></b> Kind of</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td colspan="4"><b><u>Genre:</u></b> Action RPG, Open World</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td colspan="4"><b><u>Awards:</u></b> </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b><u>Difficulty:</u></b> Normal</td>
            <td><b><u>Platform:</u></b> PC</td>
            <td colspan="2"><b><u>Series:</u></b> Fallout </td>
        </tr>
    </table>
</dl>
---------------------------------------------
## Review:

Overall, I had a great time playing Fallout 3. There are some technical issues with the game (I was getting >2 crashes/hour), but overall, it was a blast. I had to mod a couple things in game, such as making Sydney a follower; why she wasn't from the beginning is beyond me. One of the most appealing things about the fallout games is actually their ability to be modded. I didn't play many of the DLCs for the main playthrough, however I will hopefully be going back and playing them one day. Bethesda is def setting the standard when they released this game and FO3 was complete with moral grey area choices. These choices have some impact in the game, starting with one of the first choices you're asked to make. However, not many choices have visible ramifications. As a game on its own, I wish I had experienced FO3 before all the technical issues (with Windows 10), however, I'm still glad I played it and filled what felt like a gaping hole in my gaming history. DLCs to be completed Soon :tm: ! I will say, however, the lack of stability for FO3 does make the game hard to play, but it was worth the pain and suffering to finish the main story. No guarentees for the DLCs though.